The breath is loud.
A poor woman dared to sit in front of the court minister.
That's bold.
Get out of here!
This seat is for the saint and the princess.
You dare to sit, are you not afraid of blasphemy?
Not bad, you can't sit in this position.
It is not that saints today cannot sit.
The princess can't sit.
How do you know I'm not the one for you to bow to?
Over a thousand people.
Who do you think you are?
Do you really think you can beat the whole school?
Unrestrained is you.
It's her identity.
You don't deserve to forget the meaning.
You're right.
I can actually cover the entire audience.
Today's party
Observe the whole school.
They're all ants.
Ha ha ha
It's lawless.
Nonsense.
Ly Hue Ninh
I really underestimated it.
I can't believe you for this scene.
That's a lot of work down there, isn't it?
Oh, son-in-law.
What does this mean?
She knew that I was married to her husband.
Lying that parents are dead
She had a plan for all of this.
She even found the Lord of Heaven as her foundation.
Just to destroy me.
If the princess doesn't adopt me,
You did not make me King of Peace.
I'm sure that my husband will actually kick me out the door.
On the street.
The country girl.
It's great to play like this.
But God is on my side.
Next, let's see when you can play.
Li Wenxiao, you have no idea how you are going to win.
That's funny.
Say whatever you want.
Commander
You are the guardian angel.
Important location
Why follow her to death?
Don't you know that she tore off your holy testament with her own hands?
It's torn.
How are you?
She really cheated on you a lot.
I don't understand.
Did you see this beautiful village girl?
Ha ha ha ha ha
Dare to say shit again
It's your head.